Rephrased gitlab pipeline trigger token , and added Jenkins CI/CD exa… (#368)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/create-self-service-experiences/setup-backend/port-execution-agent/Installation.md

> In order to trigger your GitLab Pipeline you need to save a trigger token as an environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to trigger your GitLab Pipeline you need to provide a GitLab [trigger token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/triggers/#create-a-trigger-token) as an environment variable.
```

> Pass the helm chart an environment variable with a name that is the combination of the `GitLab group` and `GitLab project` seperated by `_`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide the trigger token to the agent, pass the helm chart an environment variable with a name that is the combination of the `GitLab group` and `GitLab project` separated by an underscore (`_`)
```
